index.markdown, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: default
---

[Click here to join the team!](https://tinyurl.com/wrc-jointheteam)

[Join us on Strava](https://www.strava.com/clubs/wrc-east-bay)

[Connect on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/wrceastbay/)

# Welcome to WRC East Bay! 💗🏃‍♀️🎉

In the Fall of 2022 a few women runners in Oakland started talking about how we could come together to create a women’s run group in the East Bay. Women’s Run Club/Collective East Bay is evolving out of that! We don’t actually have an “official” name yet so let us know if you have suggestions :) This club is still in the forming stage and will be what we build together! This is a living website to share some thinking about who we are and what we could be with our community.

# Mission & Values
Our mission is to foster a fun, accessible, come-as-you-are community for women and non-binary runners rooted in the East Bay. We want our club to uplift values of inclusion, local community engagement, & celebrating each other as athletes and people.

# What
A lot of what our club becomes will be what we build together, so some (many?!) things aren’t planned yet. For now we have a Slack space and we’ll aim to kick off some more formal programming in the new year. 

# 2023 could look like:
Free to join (we don’t have any costs yet). If you are in Slack, you are a member.
Regularly scheduled weekday runs in Oakland (and hopefully some joint runs with other local groups!)
Regularly scheduled weekend runs around the East Bay
Active Slack forum for planning ad hoc meet-ups, discussing training, postpartum/injury recovery journeys, volunteering/community engagement opportunities, gear swap & more!
Norming, forming, & storming as a club and maybe we can get some swag?!

In the future we could incorporate as a non-profit if we think the structure will help us or charge a small membership fee if we have costs. 

# FAQ
## I have a friend who wants to join. How can I get them added to Slack? 
Send them this form: [https://tinyurl.com/wrc-jointheteam](https://tinyurl.com/wrc-jointheteam). Our onboarding committee will commit to adding in new folks on a monthly basis.

## Will this be competing with other East Bay run clubs? 
There is not (that we know of!) an active women’s run club in the East Bay that has local roots, spans many running disciplines, and is free or low cost to join. In that sense, we hope this will be something new that will serve runners who we may not have met yet - runners craving similar paced teammates or looking for a women-centered space without a high annual price tag. For runners already plugged into an existing club, we hope that our group can be a value-add to the broader running community ecosystem - we are a “Yes and” if you will. Hopefully we can also have some joint runs with other East Bay running groups.

## Is this a road specific run group? 
We plan on scheduling road, track, and trail group runs. And there may be some members training for triathlons!

## How do I find out about run meet ups?
Join us on our Slack space!

## How can I help? 
Inviting a friend to WRC, organizing ad-hoc runs in #run-meets in Slack while we get off the ground, and starting conversations in other WRC Slack channels is a great start. Beyond that, areas that will likely need help:
- Creating a social media presence or maybe a website or listserv
- Onboarding new members (e.g. adding to Slack and making sure new folks have friendly faces to welcome them at their first run)
- Planning monthly programming in 2023
- Organizing Slack channels, adding more fun emojis, starting conversation, and norming
- Outreach
- Writing community guidelines / code of conduct for slack
- Leadership / Strategy 
If you are interested in any of these please let us know on Slack or email. 

## I have feedback and questions. Who do I ask? 
Please share feedback, ideas, and questions in whatever medium is most comfortable to you. As a starting point, feel free to post in the general channel on WRC Slack or via Slack DM if you prefer a more private conversation.


# Thank you and let’s do this!🦄

Commit message:

Add faq for cost of WRC

index.markdown, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: default
---

[Click here to join the team!](https://tinyurl.com/wrc-jointheteam)

[Join us on Strava](https://www.strava.com/clubs/wrc-east-bay)

[Connect on Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/wrceastbay/)

# Welcome to WRC East Bay! 💗🏃‍♀️🎉

In the Fall of 2022 a few women runners in Oakland started talking about how we could come together to create a women’s run group in the East Bay. Women’s Run Club/Collective East Bay is evolving out of that! We don’t actually have an “official” name yet so let us know if you have suggestions :) This club is still in the forming stage and will be what we build together! This is a living website to share some thinking about who we are and what we could be with our community.

# Mission & Values
Our mission is to foster a fun, accessible, come-as-you-are community for women and non-binary runners rooted in the East Bay. We want our club to uplift values of inclusion, local community engagement, & celebrating each other as athletes and people.

# What
A lot of what our club becomes will be what we build together, so some (many?!) things aren’t planned yet. For now we have a Slack space and we’ll aim to kick off some more formal programming in the new year. 

# 2023 could look like:
Free to join (we don’t have any costs yet). If you are in Slack, you are a member.
Regularly scheduled weekday runs in Oakland (and hopefully some joint runs with other local groups!)
Regularly scheduled weekend runs around the East Bay
Active Slack forum for planning ad hoc meet-ups, discussing training, postpartum/injury recovery journeys, volunteering/community engagement opportunities, gear swap & more!
Norming, forming, & storming as a club and maybe we can get some swag?!

In the future we could incorporate as a non-profit if we think the structure will help us or charge a small membership fee if we have costs. 

# FAQ
## I have a friend who wants to join. How can I get them added to Slack? 
Send them this form: [https://tinyurl.com/wrc-jointheteam](https://tinyurl.com/wrc-jointheteam). Our onboarding committee will commit to adding in new folks on a monthly basis.

## Will this be competing with other East Bay run clubs? 
There is not (that we know of!) an active women’s run club in the East Bay that has local roots, spans many running disciplines, and is free or low cost to join. In that sense, we hope this will be something new that will serve runners who we may not have met yet - runners craving similar paced teammates or looking for a women-centered space without a high annual price tag. For runners already plugged into an existing club, we hope that our group can be a value-add to the broader running community ecosystem - we are a “Yes and” if you will. Hopefully we can also have some joint runs with other East Bay running groups.

## Is this a road specific run group? 
We plan on scheduling road, track, and trail group runs. And there may be some members training for triathlons!

## How do I find out about run meet ups?
Join us on our Slack space!

## Do I have to pay to join WRC? 
Joining WRC is free.  We plan to offer some optional gear, such as uniforms, at cost to members. Ultimately, we aim to be transparent about where money we may collect for specific events or reasons is going.

## How can I help? 
Inviting a friend to WRC, organizing ad-hoc runs in #run-meets in Slack while we get off the ground, and starting conversations in other WRC Slack channels is a great start. Beyond that, areas that will likely need help:
- Creating a social media presence or maybe a website or listserv
- Onboarding new members (e.g. adding to Slack and making sure new folks have friendly faces to welcome them at their first run)
- Planning monthly programming in 2023
- Organizing Slack channels, adding more fun emojis, starting conversation, and norming
- Outreach
- Writing community guidelines / code of conduct for slack
- Leadership / Strategy 
If you are interested in any of these please let us know on Slack or email. 

## I have feedback and questions. Who do I ask? 
Please share feedback, ideas, and questions in whatever medium is most comfortable to you. As a starting point, feel free to post in the general channel on WRC Slack or via Slack DM if you prefer a more private conversation.


# Thank you and let’s do this!🦄
